OneDrive/Desktop/ARBYS/README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="./GitHub_README_Assets/logo_dark.svg" />
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="./GitHub_README_Assets/logo_light.svg" />
    <img alt="Redline Arbitrage Logo" src="./GitHub_README_Assets/logo_light.svg" width="160" />
  </picture>
  
  <br/>
  
  <img src="./GitHub_README_Assets/readme_banner.png" alt="Redline Arbitrage Banner" />
  
  <p>
    <a href="https://github.com/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb/actions/workflows/ci.yml">
      <img alt="CI" src="https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb/ci.yml?label=CI&logo=githubactions&labelColor=%230D0D0F&color=%23FF0033" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb/actions/workflows/ci.yml">
      <img alt="QA" src="https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb/ci.yml?label=QA&logo=playwright&labelColor=%230D0D0F&color=%2300FF33" />
    </a>
    <img alt="Python" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.10%2B-%23FF0033?logo=python&labelColor=%230D0D0F&color=%23FF0033" />
    <img alt="GUI" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GUI-PyQt6-%23FF0033?logo=qt&labelColor=%230D0D0F&color=%23FF0033" />
    <img alt="Web" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Web-React%2BTS-%23FF0033?logo=react&labelColor=%230D0D0F&color=%23FF0033" />
    <img alt="Mobile" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Mobile-PWA-%23FF0033?logo=pwa&labelColor=%230D0D0F&color=%23FF0033" />
    <img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-%23FF0033?labelColor=%230D0D0F&color=%23FF0033" />
    <img alt="Style" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Style-Rajdhani%20%2B%20Orbitron-%23FF0033?labelColor=%230D0D0F&color=%23FF0033" />
    <a href="https://github.com/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb/releases/tag/v1.0.0">
      <img alt="Release" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Release-v1.0.0-%23FF0033?labelColor=%230D0D0F&logo=github" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb/releases/tag/v1.0.0">
      <img alt="Downloads" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Downloads-Windows%20%7C%20Web-%23FF0033?labelColor=%230D0D0F&logo=download" />
    </a>
  </p>
</div>

---

# 🚀 Redline Arbitrage

Precision sports-arbitrage engine with a modern PyQt6 interface, tuned for performance and reliability. Built for rapid market scanning, robust account health monitoring, and one-click execution workflows. Brand-focused presentation using the Redline palette: `#FF0033` (accent), `#0D0D0F` (charcoal), `#FFFFFF` (white).

<details>
<summary><strong>🧭 Table of Contents</strong></summary>

- [About](#-about)
- [Features](#-features)
- [Installation](#-installation)
- [Usage](#-usage)
 - [Provider Configuration](#-provider-configuration)
- [Screenshots](#-screenshots)
- [Tech Stack](#-tech-stack)
- [Roadmap](#-roadmap)
- [Contributing](#-contributing)
- [License](#-license)
- [Contact](#-contact)

</details>

## 🎯 About

**ARBYS (Redline Arbitrage) is a sports arbitrage betting toolkit exclusively focused on sports markets.** This project contains **NO DeFi, cryptocurrency, blockchain, or meme coin content**. All functionality is related to legitimate sports arbitrage betting across traditional sportsbooks.

Redline Arbitrage is an arbitrage research and execution toolkit featuring:
- A performant orchestration layer to aggregate odds and metadata from multiple sources.
- A polished PyQt6 desktop UI with DPI-aware scaling and theme styling.
- Clean architecture with testing, linting, and packaging pipelines included.

The application targets sports markets, providing rapid arbitrage detection, stake calculations, and health checks across accounts to mitigate risk while maintaining speed.

### ⚠️ Project Scope
- ✅ **Sports Arbitrage**: Football, basketball, tennis, soccer, and other sports
- ✅ **Bookmaker Integration**: Bet365, William Hill, and other licensed sportsbooks
- ✅ **Odds Aggregation**: SportRadar, SofaScore, OddsAPI, and sports data providers
- ❌ **No DeFi/Crypto**: This project does not contain any blockchain or cryptocurrency functionality
- ❌ **No Meme Coins**: No token discovery, DEX integrations, or Web3 features

## 🧰 Features

- ⚡ High-performance data orchestrator (async-ready variants available)
- 📈 Arbitrage calculation and optimized stake distribution
- 🧬 Account health scoring with a dedicated dashboard
- 🧩 Modular provider interfaces (TheOddsAPI, Sportradar, and more)
- 💾 Historical data storage utilities
- 🎛️ Theming (Rajdhani + Orbitron-inspired visual style) and carbon fiber UI accents
- 🪪 First-run onboarding, splash, and setup wizard
- 🧪 Comprehensive test suite (unit, perf, integration)
- 📦 Portable build and Windows installer scripts

## 🛠 Installation

Choose one of the following:

### ⬇️ Quick Downloads (v1.0.0)

- Release page: https://github.com/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb/releases/tag/v1.0.0
- Windows Desktop: [Download EXE](https://github.com/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb/releases/download/v1.0.0/Redline_Arb_Windows_v1.0.0.exe) — see [INSTALL_DESKTOP_WINDOWS.md](INSTALL_DESKTOP_WINDOWS.md)
- Standalone Web: [Download ZIP](https://github.com/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb/releases/download/v1.0.0/Redline_Arb_Web_v1.0.0.zip) — see [INSTALL_PWA.md](INSTALL_PWA.md)
- Checksums: [CHECKSUMS.txt](https://github.com/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb/releases/download/v1.0.0/CHECKSUMS.txt) (SHA256 for both artifacts)
- Install guides (release assets): [INSTALL_PWA.md](https://github.com/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb/releases/download/v1.0.0/INSTALL_PWA.md) · [INSTALL_DESKTOP_WINDOWS.md](https://github.com/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb/releases/download/v1.0.0/INSTALL_DESKTOP_WINDOWS.md)

### Desktop Application

1) Windows Binary (recommended)
- Download the latest release `Redline_Arbitrage.exe` and run.

2) Portable ZIP
- Download `Redline_Arbitrage.zip`, extract, and run `Redline_Arbitrage.exe` inside the folder. Configuration files will be stored locally inside the `portable_data` directory.

3) From Source
- Requirements: Python 3.10+, Windows/macOS/Linux
- Clone the repo and install dependencies:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb.git
cd Redline_Arb
python -m venv .venv && .venv\Scripts\activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
python main.py
```

### 🌐 Mobile Web App (Browser-Based)

Run Redline Arbitrage directly in your browser with full offline functionality:

- **Requirements**: Node.js 18+, Python 3.8+, modern web browser
- **Platform**: iOS Safari, Android Chrome, desktop browsers
- **Storage**: All data stored locally in browser (IndexedDB)

```bash
# Start the backend API server (provides arbitrage opportunities)
cd mobile_web_app
python api_server.py &
# Server runs on http://localhost:5000

# Start the mobile web app
npm install
npm run dev
# Open http://localhost:3000 in your browser
```

**Features**:
- ⚡ Full arbitrage detection and stake calculation
- 📱 Mobile-optimized responsive interface
- 🔒 Complete offline functionality
- 💾 Local data storage (no server required)
- 📲 PWA-ready for app-like experience
- 🔗 Backend API integration for live opportunities
 - 🎯 Compact sport selector (All, Soccer, Basketball, Baseball, Hockey, Tennis) with localStorage persistence

**Backend API Server** (`api_server.py`):
- Flask-based REST API serving arbitrage opportunities from real data sources
- Fetches real sporting events from ESPN API (free, no API key required)
- Generates arbitrage opportunities based on real events using Nash equilibrium calculations
- Supports soccer events with real team names and match schedules
- CORS-enabled for browser access
- No external API keys or paid services required
 - Accepts `sport` query parameter (`soccer`, `basketball`, `baseball`, `hockey`, `tennis`); non-`soccer` sports return data only when paid providers are configured

[📖 Mobile App Documentation](mobile_web_app/README.md)

PWA install guides for Android/iOS: see [INSTALL_PWA.md](INSTALL_PWA.md)

#### 🧪 Testing the Mobile Web App

From `mobile_web_app/`:

```bash
npm install
npx playwright install

# Unit & component tests with coverage
npm run test

# Production build + preview server
npm run build
npm run preview   # http://localhost:4173/

# E2E tests against preview server
npm run test:e2e

# Performance benchmarks (tagged @perf)
npm run test:perf

# View Playwright HTML report
npx playwright show-report
```

Coverage output lives at `mobile_web_app/coverage/index.html`.

## 🛡️ Quality Assurance

Redline Arbitrage maintains enterprise-grade quality standards with comprehensive automated testing:

### Testing Infrastructure
- **15+ E2E Test Files**: Complete user journey coverage across all features
- **Component Testing**: Playwright CT for isolated component validation
- **Visual Regression**: Baseline screenshots with automatic diff detection
- **Accessibility Testing**: WCAG 2.0 A/AA compliance with axe-core automation
- **Performance Budgets**: Core Web Vitals enforcement (LCP < 3s, FCP < 1.2s, CLS < 0.1)
- **Cross-Browser Testing**: Chromium, Firefox, WebKit, Mobile Safari, Mobile Chrome

### Quality Gates
- **Smoke Tests**: Critical path validation (blocks all releases)
- **Accessibility Audits**: Automated axe-core scans (blocks on violations > minor)
- **Performance Budgets**: Core Web Vitals enforcement (blocks on regressions)
- **Console Error Detection**: Zero-tolerance for JavaScript errors
- **CI/CD Integration**: GitHub Actions with comprehensive artifact collection

### Test Execution
```bash
cd mobile_web_app

# Quality gate (run first)
npm run test:smoke

# Full test suite
npm run test:e2e

# Performance validation
npm run test:perf

# Accessibility compliance
npx playwright test tests/e2e/07_accessibility.spec.ts

# View detailed reports
npx playwright show-report
```

### Release Blocking Criteria
Releases are automatically blocked if any of these conditions are met:
- ❌ Smoke test failures
- ❌ Accessibility violations > minor severity
- ❌ Performance budget breaches (LCP, FCP, CLS)
- ❌ Console errors detected
- ❌ Critical E2E test failures

All test artifacts are uploaded to CI for debugging and trend analysis.

## ▶️ Usage

- Launch the app (`Redline_Arbitrage.exe` or `python main.py`).
- Complete the onboarding flow and configure your providers in the API Provider dialog.
- Use the main window to begin scanning markets and view arbitrage opportunities.
- The tachometer widget and account health indicators guide risk decisions.

Tips:
- Configure settings in `config/settings.py`.
- First run flags live in `config/first_run_flags.json`.
- For advanced orchestration, see `src/data_orchestrator_enhanced.py`.

## 🔌 Provider Configuration

Redline Arbitrage supports multiple data providers. By default, the free SofaScore Scraper is enabled. If free sources are rate-limited (e.g., 403), you can add paid providers post-production without changing source code.

You have two options to configure providers:

1) In-App (recommended)
- Open Settings → API Providers
- Add a provider (e.g., API-Sports, TheOddsAPI, Sportradar)
- Paste your API key and enable the provider
- Restart the app to apply settings

2) CLI helper
- Use the script to configure API-Sports as a backup provider and keep SofaScore as the free fallback:

```bash
python scripts/configure_api_sports.py --api-key YOUR_APISPORTS_KEY
```

This script:
- Creates/updates `config/bot_config.json` preserving existing providers
- Ensures "SofaScore Scraper" remains enabled as the highest-priority free source
- Mirrors the API key to `.env` for discoverability

Notes:
- No API keys are committed to the repository
- API-Sports free plan is 100 requests/day; a rate limiter is built in
- If you prefer not to add keys during development, the app will operate with SofaScore only. Expect occasional 403s from the free scraper; the app handles them gracefully.

## 📸 Screenshots

<div align="center">
  <img src="./preview_ui.png" alt="UI Preview" />
</div>

Social Preview (used on repo cards):

<div align="center">
  <img src="./GitHub_README_Assets/social_preview.png" alt="Social Preview" />
</div>

### Additional UI Previews

<div align="center">
  <table>
    <tr>
      <td><img src="./previews/main_window.png" alt="Main Window" width="420"/></td>
      <td><img src="./previews/setup_wizard.png" alt="Setup Wizard" width="420"/></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><img src="./previews/firstday_slideshow.png" alt="First-Day Slideshow" width="420"/></td>
      <td><img src="./previews/tutorial_overlay.png" alt="Tutorial Overlay" width="420"/></td>
    </tr>
  </table>
  <br/>
  <sub>Previews generated via <code>scripts/gui_preview_capture.py</code></sub>
  <br/>
  <sub>Run a local viewer: <code>python -m http.server 8000</code> (from the <code>previews</code> folder)</sub>
</div>

## 🧱 Tech Stack

- Python 3.10+
- PyQt6 (GUI)
- AioHTTP, Requests (data fetching)
- NumPy (analysis)
- BeautifulSoup4 (scraping)
- PyInstaller (packaging), Inno Setup (installer)
- GitHub Actions CI

## 🗺️ Roadmap

- Multi-API expansion and failover improvements
- Enhanced performance benchmarks and profiling
- Advanced error handling and state management via structured datatables/structs
- Configurable lighting/theme presets for UI polish
- Additional scrapers and data providers

See `MULTI_API_ENHANCEMENT.md`, `PERFORMANCE_OPTIMIZATION.md`, and `PHASE2_STATUS.md` for ongoing work.

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome issues and pull requests! To contribute:

```bash
python -m pip install nox
nox  # run linting, tests, and quality checks
```

Standards:
- Formatting: Black + Isort
- Linting: Ruff
- Types: MyPy (strict mode)
- Tests: PyTest with property/perf/integration suites

## ✅ License

MIT License. See `pyproject.toml` for project metadata.

## 📬 Contact

For support or requests, open an issue on GitHub. Security concerns can be reported via private issue.

---

<div align="center">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="./GitHub_README_Assets/logo_dark.svg" />
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="./GitHub_README_Assets/logo_light.svg" />
    <img alt="Redline Arbitrage Logo" src="./GitHub_README_Assets/logo_light.svg" width="120" />
  </picture>
  <br/>
  <sub>Built with ❤️ — Palette: #FF0033 / #0D0D0F / #FFFFFF</sub>
</div>

Commit message:

docs: add short Getting Started CTA in README (links to EXE, Web ZIP, and install guides)

OneDrive/Desktop/ARBYS/README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="./GitHub_README_Assets/logo_dark.svg" />
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="./GitHub_README_Assets/logo_light.svg" />
    <img alt="Redline Arbitrage Logo" src="./GitHub_README_Assets/logo_light.svg" width="160" />
  </picture>
  
  <br/>
  
  <img src="./GitHub_README_Assets/readme_banner.png" alt="Redline Arbitrage Banner" />
  
  <p>
    <a href="https://github.com/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb/actions/workflows/ci.yml">
      <img alt="CI" src="https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb/ci.yml?label=CI&logo=githubactions&labelColor=%230D0D0F&color=%23FF0033" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb/actions/workflows/ci.yml">
      <img alt="QA" src="https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb/ci.yml?label=QA&logo=playwright&labelColor=%230D0D0F&color=%2300FF33" />
    </a>
    <img alt="Python" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.10%2B-%23FF0033?logo=python&labelColor=%230D0D0F&color=%23FF0033" />
    <img alt="GUI" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GUI-PyQt6-%23FF0033?logo=qt&labelColor=%230D0D0F&color=%23FF0033" />
    <img alt="Web" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Web-React%2BTS-%23FF0033?logo=react&labelColor=%230D0D0F&color=%23FF0033" />
    <img alt="Mobile" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Mobile-PWA-%23FF0033?logo=pwa&labelColor=%230D0D0F&color=%23FF0033" />
    <img alt="License" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-%23FF0033?labelColor=%230D0D0F&color=%23FF0033" />
    <img alt="Style" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Style-Rajdhani%20%2B%20Orbitron-%23FF0033?labelColor=%230D0D0F&color=%23FF0033" />
    <a href="https://github.com/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb/releases/tag/v1.0.0">
      <img alt="Release" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Release-v1.0.0-%23FF0033?labelColor=%230D0D0F&logo=github" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb/releases/tag/v1.0.0">
      <img alt="Downloads" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Downloads-Windows%20%7C%20Web-%23FF0033?labelColor=%230D0D0F&logo=download" />
    </a>
  </p>
</div>

---

# 🚀 Redline Arbitrage

Precision sports-arbitrage engine with a modern PyQt6 interface, tuned for performance and reliability. Built for rapid market scanning, robust account health monitoring, and one-click execution workflows. Brand-focused presentation using the Redline palette: `#FF0033` (accent), `#0D0D0F` (charcoal), `#FFFFFF` (white).

<details>
<summary><strong>🧭 Table of Contents</strong></summary>

- [About](#-about)
- [Features](#-features)
- [Installation](#-installation)
- [Usage](#-usage)
 - [Provider Configuration](#-provider-configuration)
- [Screenshots](#-screenshots)
- [Tech Stack](#-tech-stack)
- [Roadmap](#-roadmap)
- [Contributing](#-contributing)
- [License](#-license)
- [Contact](#-contact)

</details>

## 🎯 About

**ARBYS (Redline Arbitrage) is a sports arbitrage betting toolkit exclusively focused on sports markets.** This project contains **NO DeFi, cryptocurrency, blockchain, or meme coin content**. All functionality is related to legitimate sports arbitrage betting across traditional sportsbooks.

Redline Arbitrage is an arbitrage research and execution toolkit featuring:
- A performant orchestration layer to aggregate odds and metadata from multiple sources.
- A polished PyQt6 desktop UI with DPI-aware scaling and theme styling.
- Clean architecture with testing, linting, and packaging pipelines included.

The application targets sports markets, providing rapid arbitrage detection, stake calculations, and health checks across accounts to mitigate risk while maintaining speed.

### ⚠️ Project Scope
- ✅ **Sports Arbitrage**: Football, basketball, tennis, soccer, and other sports
- ✅ **Bookmaker Integration**: Bet365, William Hill, and other licensed sportsbooks
- ✅ **Odds Aggregation**: SportRadar, SofaScore, OddsAPI, and sports data providers
- ❌ **No DeFi/Crypto**: This project does not contain any blockchain or cryptocurrency functionality
- ❌ **No Meme Coins**: No token discovery, DEX integrations, or Web3 features

## 🧰 Features

- ⚡ High-performance data orchestrator (async-ready variants available)
- 📈 Arbitrage calculation and optimized stake distribution
- 🧬 Account health scoring with a dedicated dashboard
- 🧩 Modular provider interfaces (TheOddsAPI, Sportradar, and more)
- 💾 Historical data storage utilities
- 🎛️ Theming (Rajdhani + Orbitron-inspired visual style) and carbon fiber UI accents
- 🪪 First-run onboarding, splash, and setup wizard
- 🧪 Comprehensive test suite (unit, perf, integration)
- 📦 Portable build and Windows installer scripts

## 🛠 Installation

Choose one of the following:

### ⬇️ Quick Downloads (v1.0.0)

- Release page: https://github.com/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb/releases/tag/v1.0.0
- Windows Desktop: [Download EXE](https://github.com/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb/releases/download/v1.0.0/Redline_Arb_Windows_v1.0.0.exe) — see [INSTALL_DESKTOP_WINDOWS.md](INSTALL_DESKTOP_WINDOWS.md)
- Standalone Web: [Download ZIP](https://github.com/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb/releases/download/v1.0.0/Redline_Arb_Web_v1.0.0.zip) — see [INSTALL_PWA.md](INSTALL_PWA.md)
- Checksums: [CHECKSUMS.txt](https://github.com/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb/releases/download/v1.0.0/CHECKSUMS.txt) (SHA256 for both artifacts)
- Install guides (release assets): [INSTALL_PWA.md](https://github.com/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb/releases/download/v1.0.0/INSTALL_PWA.md) · [INSTALL_DESKTOP_WINDOWS.md](https://github.com/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb/releases/download/v1.0.0/INSTALL_DESKTOP_WINDOWS.md)

### ✅ Getting Started (2‑minute setup)

- Windows Desktop (recommended):
  - Download and run the EXE: [Redline_Arb_Windows_v1.0.0.exe](https://github.com/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb/releases/download/v1.0.0/Redline_Arb_Windows_v1.0.0.exe)
  - Step‑by‑step guide: [INSTALL_DESKTOP_WINDOWS.md](https://github.com/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb/releases/download/v1.0.0/INSTALL_DESKTOP_WINDOWS.md)

- Mobile/Web (PWA):
  - Download the standalone web build: [Redline_Arb_Web_v1.0.0.zip](https://github.com/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb/releases/download/v1.0.0/Redline_Arb_Web_v1.0.0.zip)
  - Install on Android/iOS: [INSTALL_PWA.md](https://github.com/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb/releases/download/v1.0.0/INSTALL_PWA.md)

- Verify downloads: [CHECKSUMS.txt](https://github.com/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb/releases/download/v1.0.0/CHECKSUMS.txt) (SHA256 for EXE & ZIP)

### Desktop Application

1) Windows Binary (recommended)
- Download the latest release `Redline_Arbitrage.exe` and run.

2) Portable ZIP
- Download `Redline_Arbitrage.zip`, extract, and run `Redline_Arbitrage.exe` inside the folder. Configuration files will be stored locally inside the `portable_data` directory.

3) From Source
- Requirements: Python 3.10+, Windows/macOS/Linux
- Clone the repo and install dependencies:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Snapwave333/Redline_Arb.git
cd Redline_Arb
python -m venv .venv && .venv\Scripts\activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
python main.py
```

### 🌐 Mobile Web App (Browser-Based)

Run Redline Arbitrage directly in your browser with full offline functionality:

- **Requirements**: Node.js 18+, Python 3.8+, modern web browser
- **Platform**: iOS Safari, Android Chrome, desktop browsers
- **Storage**: All data stored locally in browser (IndexedDB)

```bash
# Start the backend API server (provides arbitrage opportunities)
cd mobile_web_app
python api_server.py &
# Server runs on http://localhost:5000

# Start the mobile web app
npm install
npm run dev
# Open http://localhost:3000 in your browser
```

**Features**:
- ⚡ Full arbitrage detection and stake calculation
- 📱 Mobile-optimized responsive interface
- 🔒 Complete offline functionality
- 💾 Local data storage (no server required)
- 📲 PWA-ready for app-like experience
- 🔗 Backend API integration for live opportunities
 - 🎯 Compact sport selector (All, Soccer, Basketball, Baseball, Hockey, Tennis) with localStorage persistence

**Backend API Server** (`api_server.py`):
- Flask-based REST API serving arbitrage opportunities from real data sources
- Fetches real sporting events from ESPN API (free, no API key required)
- Generates arbitrage opportunities based on real events using Nash equilibrium calculations
- Supports soccer events with real team names and match schedules
- CORS-enabled for browser access
- No external API keys or paid services required
 - Accepts `sport` query parameter (`soccer`, `basketball`, `baseball`, `hockey`, `tennis`); non-`soccer` sports return data only when paid providers are configured

[📖 Mobile App Documentation](mobile_web_app/README.md)

PWA install guides for Android/iOS: see [INSTALL_PWA.md](INSTALL_PWA.md)

#### 🧪 Testing the Mobile Web App

From `mobile_web_app/`:

```bash
npm install
npx playwright install

# Unit & component tests with coverage
npm run test

# Production build + preview server
npm run build
npm run preview   # http://localhost:4173/

# E2E tests against preview server
npm run test:e2e

# Performance benchmarks (tagged @perf)
npm run test:perf

# View Playwright HTML report
npx playwright show-report
```

Coverage output lives at `mobile_web_app/coverage/index.html`.

## 🛡️ Quality Assurance

Redline Arbitrage maintains enterprise-grade quality standards with comprehensive automated testing:

### Testing Infrastructure
- **15+ E2E Test Files**: Complete user journey coverage across all features
- **Component Testing**: Playwright CT for isolated component validation
- **Visual Regression**: Baseline screenshots with automatic diff detection
- **Accessibility Testing**: WCAG 2.0 A/AA compliance with axe-core automation
- **Performance Budgets**: Core Web Vitals enforcement (LCP < 3s, FCP < 1.2s, CLS < 0.1)
- **Cross-Browser Testing**: Chromium, Firefox, WebKit, Mobile Safari, Mobile Chrome

### Quality Gates
- **Smoke Tests**: Critical path validation (blocks all releases)
- **Accessibility Audits**: Automated axe-core scans (blocks on violations > minor)
- **Performance Budgets**: Core Web Vitals enforcement (blocks on regressions)
- **Console Error Detection**: Zero-tolerance for JavaScript errors
- **CI/CD Integration**: GitHub Actions with comprehensive artifact collection

### Test Execution
```bash
cd mobile_web_app

# Quality gate (run first)
npm run test:smoke

# Full test suite
npm run test:e2e

# Performance validation
npm run test:perf

# Accessibility compliance
npx playwright test tests/e2e/07_accessibility.spec.ts

# View detailed reports
npx playwright show-report
```

### Release Blocking Criteria
Releases are automatically blocked if any of these conditions are met:
- ❌ Smoke test failures
- ❌ Accessibility violations > minor severity
- ❌ Performance budget breaches (LCP, FCP, CLS)
- ❌ Console errors detected
- ❌ Critical E2E test failures

All test artifacts are uploaded to CI for debugging and trend analysis.

## ▶️ Usage

- Launch the app (`Redline_Arbitrage.exe` or `python main.py`).
- Complete the onboarding flow and configure your providers in the API Provider dialog.
- Use the main window to begin scanning markets and view arbitrage opportunities.
- The tachometer widget and account health indicators guide risk decisions.

Tips:
- Configure settings in `config/settings.py`.
- First run flags live in `config/first_run_flags.json`.
- For advanced orchestration, see `src/data_orchestrator_enhanced.py`.

## 🔌 Provider Configuration

Redline Arbitrage supports multiple data providers. By default, the free SofaScore Scraper is enabled. If free sources are rate-limited (e.g., 403), you can add paid providers post-production without changing source code.

You have two options to configure providers:

1) In-App (recommended)
- Open Settings → API Providers
- Add a provider (e.g., API-Sports, TheOddsAPI, Sportradar)
- Paste your API key and enable the provider
- Restart the app to apply settings

2) CLI helper
- Use the script to configure API-Sports as a backup provider and keep SofaScore as the free fallback:

```bash
python scripts/configure_api_sports.py --api-key YOUR_APISPORTS_KEY
```

This script:
- Creates/updates `config/bot_config.json` preserving existing providers
- Ensures "SofaScore Scraper" remains enabled as the highest-priority free source
- Mirrors the API key to `.env` for discoverability

Notes:
- No API keys are committed to the repository
- API-Sports free plan is 100 requests/day; a rate limiter is built in
- If you prefer not to add keys during development, the app will operate with SofaScore only. Expect occasional 403s from the free scraper; the app handles them gracefully.

## 📸 Screenshots

<div align="center">
  <img src="./preview_ui.png" alt="UI Preview" />
</div>

Social Preview (used on repo cards):

<div align="center">
  <img src="./GitHub_README_Assets/social_preview.png" alt="Social Preview" />
</div>

### Additional UI Previews

<div align="center">
  <table>
    <tr>
      <td><img src="./previews/main_window.png" alt="Main Window" width="420"/></td>
      <td><img src="./previews/setup_wizard.png" alt="Setup Wizard" width="420"/></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><img src="./previews/firstday_slideshow.png" alt="First-Day Slideshow" width="420"/></td>
      <td><img src="./previews/tutorial_overlay.png" alt="Tutorial Overlay" width="420"/></td>
    </tr>
  </table>
  <br/>
  <sub>Previews generated via <code>scripts/gui_preview_capture.py</code></sub>
  <br/>
  <sub>Run a local viewer: <code>python -m http.server 8000</code> (from the <code>previews</code> folder)</sub>
</div>

## 🧱 Tech Stack

- Python 3.10+
- PyQt6 (GUI)
- AioHTTP, Requests (data fetching)
- NumPy (analysis)
- BeautifulSoup4 (scraping)
- PyInstaller (packaging), Inno Setup (installer)
- GitHub Actions CI

## 🗺️ Roadmap

- Multi-API expansion and failover improvements
- Enhanced performance benchmarks and profiling
- Advanced error handling and state management via structured datatables/structs
- Configurable lighting/theme presets for UI polish
- Additional scrapers and data providers

See `MULTI_API_ENHANCEMENT.md`, `PERFORMANCE_OPTIMIZATION.md`, and `PHASE2_STATUS.md` for ongoing work.

## 🤝 Contributing

We welcome issues and pull requests! To contribute:

```bash
python -m pip install nox
nox  # run linting, tests, and quality checks
```

Standards:
- Formatting: Black + Isort
- Linting: Ruff
- Types: MyPy (strict mode)
- Tests: PyTest with property/perf/integration suites

## ✅ License

MIT License. See `pyproject.toml` for project metadata.

## 📬 Contact

For support or requests, open an issue on GitHub. Security concerns can be reported via private issue.

---

<div align="center">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="./GitHub_README_Assets/logo_dark.svg" />
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="./GitHub_README_Assets/logo_light.svg" />
    <img alt="Redline Arbitrage Logo" src="./GitHub_README_Assets/logo_light.svg" width="120" />
  </picture>
  <br/>
  <sub>Built with ❤️ — Palette: #FF0033 / #0D0D0F / #FFFFFF</sub>
</div>
